Every single video creator, editor, and
YouTuber knows the gut ranking struggle.
You spend hours editing a masterpiece.
The cuts are perfect, the color grading
is cinematic, and then you hit a massive
brick wall, finding the right background
music. You start desperately digging
through generic stock libraries trying
to find something that does not sound
like elevator music or a soul-crushing
[music] corporate training video. And
even when you finally find a decent
track, you have to worry about copyright
strikes, brutal licensing fees, or your
video getting demonetized overnight. It
is an absolute nightmare that silently
kills channels every [music] single day.
But what if I told you that you never
have to search for stock music [music]
ever again? Today, I'm going to show you
a completely free, ridiculously powerful
AI workflow that lets you generate
unlimited, high-quality, completely
original music tailored exactly to your
video's vibe. And the best part? It
takes less than a minute. Stay until the
end because I am also dropping one
advanced prompt engineering secret that
top creators are quietly using right now
to bulletproof their channels. The
secret weapon we're starting with is
called Soundraw. If you have not heard
of Soundraw yet, you are missing out on
one of the most advanced text-to-music
AI models currently available on the
internet. This is not just a basic beat
generator. This is a full-scale music
production engine sitting [music] right
in your browser. And it's entirely free
to use. Let's dive right into the
platform. When you open Soundraw, the
interface is incredibly clean and
intuitive. On the left side, you have
your nav- igation panel with your
[music] home, search, library, and your
liked songs. But the magic happens right
in the center of the screen where it
says start your masterpiece. You have
two main modes here, simple and
advanced. If you're in a rush, simple
mode is fantastic. You literally just
type what you want. For example, you can
type an upbeat synthwave track for a
tech review video, or a dark cinematic
orchestral buildup for a documentary.
The AI understands context, mood, and
genre with [music] frightening accuracy.
But if you look closely, you'll see
they're running their brand new V3
model. This is currently in preview, and
it's an [music] absolute game-changer
for content creators. Why? Because the
V3 model can generate full-length songs
up to 4 and 1/2 minutes long. Most other
free AI music generators cut you off at
30 seconds or maybe a minute, forcing
you to loop the track awkwardly in your
editing software. With Soundraw's V3
model, you get a complete structured
track with an intro, a buildup, a
climax, and an outro, all from one
single prompt. Let's actually generate
something right now so you can witness
the raw power of this engine. I'm going
to type in a rock song about turtles
flying, just to show you how wildly
creative this AI can get. [music] I hit
generate, and within moments, the AI
starts processing. It's synthesizing the
instruments, structuring the beat, and
even generating vocals if your prompt
calls for it. While it generates, you
can actually browse the staff picks and
top post sections below. There's a
massive community on Soundraw creating
incredible tracks every single day. You
can listen to what others are making,
get inspiration for your own prompts,
and see just how versatile this V3 model
really is. You'll hear everything from
heavy trap beats and EDM to acoustic
folk and lo-fi hip-hop. All right, our
track is ready. Let's hit play and
listen to a few seconds of this.
>> [music]
[music]
>> The audio fidelity is honestly
mind-blowing. The drums hit hard, the
guitars sound authentic, and the overall
mix is incredibly solid for something
generated in seconds from a text prompt.
You can just click the download button,
and you instantly have a unique,
copyright-free track ready to drop into
your video editor. But hold on, do not
skip ahead because this next part is
critical. If you edit videos regularly,
or if you're a music producer looking to
sample AI tracks, you probably just
realized a massive, devastating problem
with this workflow. When you generate a
song using Soundraw, or practically any
other AI music platform, it gives you
one single flattened audio file. [music]
The vocals, the bassline, the drums, and
the synths are all permanently trapped
together in one track. Think about your
editing timeline for a second. What if
that rock song is perfect, but the
AI-generated vocals are clashing with
your voiceover? You can't just turn the
vocals down. What if you're making a
tutorial, and you just want that clean,
ambient instrumental beat looping in the
background without the distracting
[music]
singing burying your words? Or what if
you're a remixer, and you only want to
extract that amazing acapella [music]
vocal to layer over your own custom
beat? You're completely stuck. A mixdown
track murders your editing flexibility,
and can single-handedly ruin your
video's entire audio balance. You need a
way to surgically tear that audio apart.
That's exactly why I integrated LALAL.AI
vocal remover into my daily
post-production workflow. This tool is
the ultimate problem-solver for video
creators. It's an incredibly powerful
online audio toolbox. [music] That means
there's no heavy software to install, no
complicated plugins to configure,
>> [music]
>> and it runs blazingly fast right in your
browser. Let me show you how insanely
efficient this is. I'm going to take
that exact rock [music] song we just
downloaded from Soundraw. I open the
LALAL.AI vocal remover website, navigate
to their music lab interface, and I
literally just drag and drop the audio
file right into the browser window.
Within seconds, the advanced AI engine
[music] analyzes the frequencies and
flawlessly separates the track. It
strips the vocals away from the
instrumental with surgical precision.
Now I have a crystal-clear, isolated
instrumental beat that I can loop under
my YouTube videos forever, and a
perfectly clean vocal track if I ever
want to use it for a creative edit. It
handles massive files, too, supporting
audio up to 60 minutes long and 1
gigabyte in size with absolutely zero
loss in sound quality. But separating
vocals is just scratching the surface.
If you look at the left-hand panel of
the LALAL.AI platform, you will realize
this is a complete, professional-grade
audio suite. Let us say you need even
more control over your generated music.
Click on the AI stem splitter. This
takes your audio and breaks it down even
further, isolating the drums, the bass,
the piano, and the guitar into four
separate tracks. What is great is that
you can preview the separation effect
for free directly in your browser to
make sure it sounds perfect before you
decide to export. Imagine being able to
mute the drums during a quiet moment in
your video, or boosting just the
bassline during an action sequence. That
is studio-level [music]
control right at your fingertips. And if
you're working with complex vocal
tracks, they even have [music] a
dedicated AI lead and backing vocal
splitter. This tool is mind-blowing
because it can actually distinguish
between the main singer and the
background harmonies, allowing you to
separate them flawlessly. But honestly,
the craziest part about LALAL.AI is that
you don't even need to use external
sites to generate your music anymore. If
you look closely at that left panel,
LALAL.AI just launched their own
built-in AI music generator. That means
you can write your prompt, generate a
custom, high-quality track tailored
perfectly to your video, and then
immediately split the stems or remove
the vocals, all without ever leaving the
LALAL.AI platform. It's a complete
all-in-one ecosystem for creators.
Finally, before you export your final
audio, you have to try their AI noise
and echo remover. If you shoot videos in
an untreated room and have distracting
background hum or vocal reverb, this is
a lifesaver. You just upload your audio
file, and the AI [music] acts like a
professional studio engineer. It
instantly strips away the unwanted noise
and echo, [music] transforming a basic,
messy recording into a polished, crisp,
and professional-grade [music]
voiceover. If you want to completely
level up your audio game, fix your
editing workflow, and try this massive
suite of AI audio tools for yourself,
you need to click the link at the very
top of the description or in the pinned
comment below. It's incredibly powerful,
[music] and it will change the way you
edit your videos. Start creating your
perfect audio right now. Let's get back
to the video. All right, now that we
have our perfectly isolated,
studio-quality instrumental track, let
me show you exactly how this looks
inside a real editing timeline. I'm
dropping this clean beat right into my
project file, lowering the audio gain by
about 20 decibels, and layering my
voiceover right on top of it. Just
listen to how seamlessly it blends.
There are no weird, robotic vocal
[music] glitches bleeding through, just
a smooth, original background track that
perfectly matches the pacing of the
video. This is exactly what professional
editing looks like. But before we
[music] wrap this up, I promised you one
advanced prompt engineering secret, and
this alone is worth watching this entire
video. If you want to create those
extremely popular, copyright-free
[music]
lo-fi chill beats that big channels use,
don't just type lo-fi. You need to feed
the AI specific instruments and tempos.
Try a prompt like this: a slow,
nostalgic lo-fi hip-hop beat at 85 bpm
featuring a muffled upright piano, a
smooth vinyl crackle effect, and [music]
a deep sub bass. When you give the
engine that level of detail, the output
is incredible. You can literally
generate a massive, hour-long playlist
of original lo-fi music, run it through
the stem splitter to tweak the bass, and
completely bulletproof your channel
against copyright strikes and
demonetization. Protecting your
channel's revenue is the single most
important thing, and this workflow
guarantees you're completely safe. AI is
moving so incredibly fast right now, and
having the right tools in your arsenal
is the only way to stay ahead of the
competition. If you want to see another
insane AI tool [music] that's completely
flying under the radar and changing the
game for creators right now, click the
video on the screen right here. I'll
break down the entire [music] strategy
for you over there. Keep creating, and
I'll see you in that next video.